you got sure today sure you have your
uterus yeah you have here cozy clothes
got that what do they know in black
should thank you might wanna you know
mom and dad my black boyfriend won't be
coming up this weekend I just don't want
you to be shocked but he's a black man
if I never see you like this before
brother meet family taking Road look go
back all bougie bear come back got your
damn pants up to your damn stomach
[Music]
so you guys coming up from the city yeah
we're just heading up for the weekend
can I see your license please he wasn't
driving
I didn't ask who was driving I asked to
see his ID
call me Dean and go hungry my man so how
long has this been going on this thing
we hired Georgina and Walter to help
care for my parents when they died I
couldn't bear to let him go do you smoke
in front of my daughter
I'm gonna quit she'd take care of that
for you how hypnosis I'm good actually
I'm banking the beat so look I go do it
my research apparently the whole bunch
of brothers been missing in this suburb
listen we're hot you're not scared of
this man could see another brother wrong
here Chris was just telling me how he
felt much more comfortable with my being
here yeah sorry man Oh skis just give
the keys sink into the floor
[Music]
it was too many where people are getting
nervous
[Music]